== Raki
Raki is a extensible wiki written using the Ruby on Rails framework.
It can use different backends to store pages and attachments or multiple backends for
different namespaces. It can also have a namespace-specific syntax.


*Authors*
* Florian Schwab
* Martin Sigloch

*Contributors*
* Aaron Mueller
* Benjamin Schweizer


== Dependencies

=== Raki core
  $ gem install -v=2.3.10 rails
  $ gem install mime-types

=== GIT provider
  $ gem install unicode popen4

=== Raki parser
  $ gem install treetop

=== OpenID authenticator
  $ gem install ruby-openid (NOT "openid")


== Installation & Configration (core)
Rename/copy the file <tt>config/database.yml.example</tt> to <tt>config/database.yml</tt> and edit the
credentials for the database if necessary. Now rename/copy the file
<tt>config/raki.yml.example</tt> to <tt>config/raki.yml</tt> and edit it to fit your needs.
Run <tt>rake db:migrate</tt> to create all necessary tables.

=== Example with GIT as storage, OpenID for authentication and file-based authorization
Create a GIT repository with <tt>git init --bare /path/to/git-repo</tt>. Now change in
<tt>config/raki.yml</tt> the path parameter to match the GIT repository you just created. Next step is
to change the <tt>authenticator</tt> to <tt>openid</tt>. Then initialize and fetch the
grit submodule with <tt>git submodule init</tt> and <tt>git submodule update</tt>. The last step is to
rename/copy the file <tt>config/permissions.yml.example</tt> to <tt>config/permissions.yml</tt> and
change the permissions if you need to.


== Run it
  $ touch tmp/restart.txt
  $ script/server
